The Trail to Mexico, sung by Brownie McNeil, Austin, Texas, October 21st, 1939.
I made up my mind in an early day That I'd leave my gal, she was too gay That I'd leave my home and roam for a while And travel out west
For many a mile Was in the year of 83 That old man spent, he said to me He says, young fellow, I want you to go And follow my herd down to Mexico
It was in the merry month of May.
We rounded up and we went away.
I'm telling you boys, it was a lonesome go along the trail down to Mexico.
When I arrived in Mexico I wanted to see my love but I couldn't go I wrote a letter to my dear But never a word from her could I hear
When I got back to my once loved home, I called for the darling of my own.
They said she had married a richer life.
Therefore, wild cowboy, you may seek another wife.
Oh, the girl she's married I do adore.
And I cannot stay at home anymore I'll make my way to the Rio Grande All the way out west with my cowboy band